h1. ObjCHiredis

h3. Objective-C Wrapper around "Hiredis":http://github.com/antirez/hiredis

p. Same, Same, Same... but different! Comes in many flavour:
* "A universal _Framework_ for MacOS 10.5 and later, compatible with _MacRuby_ and _Nu_.":https://github.com/downloads/lp/ObjCHiredis/ObjCHiredis_OSX_1o3o5.zip
* "A _Static Library_ for the iOS (armv6 and armv7).":http://github.com/downloads/lp/ObjCHiredis/ObjCHiredis_iOS_1o3o5.zip
* "A _Static Library_ for the iPhone/iPad Simulator":http://github.com/downloads/lp/ObjCHiredis/ObjCHiredis_Simulator_1o3o5.zip

p. Creation of an autoreleased object is easy and comes in 3 flavours:

bc. ObjCHiredis * redis = [ObjCHiredis redis];
ObjCHiredis * redis = [ObjCHiredis redis:@"127.0.0.1" on:[NSNumber numberWithInt:6379]];
ObjCHiredis * redis = [ObjCHiredis redis:@"127.0.0.1" on:[NSNumber numberWithInt:6379] db:[NSNumber numberWithInt:69]];

p. For now, it behaves in similar manners to Hiredis, in blocking mode, only with an Objective-C Interface:

bc. id retVal = [redis command:@"SET MYKEY MYVALUE"];

p. Or with commandArgv:

bc. id retVal = [redis commandArgv:[NSArray arrayWithObjects:
                    @"SET", @"MYKEY", @"MYVALUE", nil]];
                    
p. Pub/Sub implementation

bc. [redis command:@"SUBSCRIBE CHANNELZ"];
retVal = [redis getReply];
// Will block until it receives data from a a PUBLISH CHANNELZ.

p. Also inside MacRuby:

bc. framework "ObjCHiredis"
require ObjCHiredis.rb
redis = ObjCHiredis.redisRb
retval = redis.set :mykey, "myvalue"

p. With Nu:

bc. (load "ObjCHiredis")
(load (ObjCHiredis nu))
(set redis (redisNu))
(set retVal (redis "SET" "MYKEY" "MYVALUE"))


h2. Licenses

h3. Hiredis

p. ObjCHiredis wouldn't have been possible without "Hiredis":http://github.com/antirez/hiredis:

bq.. Copyright (c) 2006-2009, Salvatore Sanfilippo
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
    * Neither the name of Redis nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

h3. ObjCHiredis

p. ObjCHiredis is distributed under the MIT license:

bq.. Copyright (c) 2010, Louis-Philippe Perron.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


